E:\aakash\projects\chatbot\lang-graph-agentic-todo-app>backend\venv\Scripts\activate
(venv) E:\aakash\projects\chatbot\lang-graph-agentic-todo-app>uvicorn backend.main:app --reload


docker
cd E:\aakash\projects\chatbot\lang-graph-agentic-todo-app\backend
Run the Docker Compose Command: This command reads the docker-compose.yml file and starts the services defined in it (in our case, just the db service).
code
docker-compose up -d




note future plan:

setting custom dates, like set dates 25th sep tp 20th sep, agent should be able to handle it

📊 Todo Stats for [time period]:
• Total: 25 tasks
• Created: 8 new tasks
• Completed: 12 tasks  
• Pending: 13 tasks
• Updated: 5 tasks modified

search bar in the filter

clear chat agentic command

each manually done task should be able to be done with chat each button should be agentic 

voice controlled

floating chat should be aware of the ui state, the current: page, themes filters active and so on. to provide page and condition specific capabiity

option to set temperature, model, pinpoint, narrow, broad semantic or similar searches



bugs:

bug: show todos created today
I apologize, but I encountered a technical issue when trying to retrieve the to-dos created today. The system returned an error, and I'm unable to complete that request at this moment.

Would you like me to try something else, or perhaps you could try again later?
apply the todays filter
Okay, I've applied the "today" filter to your to-do list. You should now see tasks created today.

Sol: it has two paths, use semantic search to get created time or use today filter

bug: improvement in semantic search

sol:

bug: show tasks related to health
I found 6 tasks related to 'health' for you, including 'Morning Yoga Routine', 'Marathon Training Session', 'Dentist Appointment', 'Basketball Practice', 'Annual Health Checkup', and 'swim'. I've spotlighted them on your main list.

Would you like me to filter these further by status or date?
how many of them are completed
I'm sorry, I encountered an error when trying to filter the "health" related tasks by their completion status. I will try again.

I'm sorry, but I'm currently experiencing an issue with filtering tasks by their completion status directly through my tools.

However, based on the "health" related tasks I found previously, I can tell you that 2 of them are completed: 'Annual Health Checkup' and 'swim'.

sol:

bug: show stats
I encountered an error when trying to retrieve the statistics. It seems there was an issue with the previous request.

Let me try to get the current date and then I can try to fetch some general statistics for you.

sol:

current features:

manually crud and filters

agentic crid and filters

agentic duplicate checker

agentic UI aware and controlled

semantic data retrieval






here are todos, check and create the ones that are not present, do not create duplicate todos
delete all the todos
delete todos related to sports
delete todos from the last month
create a todo regarding guitar class:
helps create a well detailed todo by discussing and suggesting relevant information like title: guitar class, description: attend guitar class from 6 pm to 8 pm tomorrow, ask or discuss for any other information, and asks for confirmation befor creating a todo
check if i have already created this todo
check for any duplicate todo 
are there any upcoming todos
are there any todos i missed deadline for
delete multiple todos with semantic indication towards title or description: delete goa, 5km, book reading todo.
it deletes
[📚 Finish “Deep Work” Book
Complete reading the remaining three chapters and write down key takeaways for productivity.

🏃 Marathon Training Session
Run 5 km as part of the half-marathon preparation plan.

✈️ Book Tickets for Goa Trip
Compare flight prices and book round-trip tickets for the upcoming friends’ vacation.
]


i want to create a simple CRUD todo web app, with few themes and pages (home, about, todo, settings)
i want a floating chat ui, where user can chat and do tasks like
where is the change theme option (website layout, features, components aware)
how do i update the todo
where is the delete button on todo
change the theme
go to all pages
create a todo
update/ rewrite a todo
delete a todo
which todo i completed yesterday
how many todos i made for studying
list the todos about activities with friends like (cooking,, treking movie and so on)
i want to update the todo where i was planning to go to trekking to swimming
bring up the todo where i was planning for birthday

the chat should also be able to discuss and converse with the user about any todo

before creating or updating chatbot should refine the todo task
(buy milk refined to:
Pick up 1 gallon of whole milk
Buy oat milk from the grocery store
Restock milk for the week
Get milk before 6 PM from corner store
Milk – 2% low-fat, 1 carton )

and ask for confirmation before finalising any decision

i want the user to have the abiity to manually crud the todo as well.
and the chatbot should keep with the change

suggest any ideas that you might have

i think the chat bot should always read the todo that user is working on or talking about along with the message history to have the context,
what i mean is:
lets say user is talking about some todo whose id is 123
so the llm should read the
system prompt, message history,  todo id 123, user message
something like this

i am familar with nextjs fastapi google agent deveopment kit, autogen, lang chain, lang graph

suggest tech stack for this project




Of course. Here is a formal description of the project and the recommended technology stack.

Project Description: Agentic AI To-Do Application

This project aims to develop a next-generation, intelligent to-do application that redefines task management. It combines a traditional, user-friendly web interface with a powerful, conversational AI agent, creating a seamless and hybrid productivity tool.

The core of the application is a standard CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) to-do list, presented on a clean, multi-page website with customizable themes. Users have full manual control over their tasks as they would in any modern to-do app.

The innovation lies in the floating chat agent, a personal assistant that understands the application's context and the user's intent. This agent is not just a chatbot; it's a capable partner that can:

Perform Actions: Create, update, and delete to-dos through natural language commands.

Navigate the App: Respond to requests like "Go to the settings page."

Refine and Clarify: Transform vague user inputs (e.g., "buy milk") into specific, actionable tasks (e.g., "Pick up 1 gallon of whole milk before 6 PM") and seek user confirmation before finalizing.

Query and Analyze: Answer complex questions about tasks, such as "What did I complete yesterday?" or "List all to-dos related to studying."

Maintain Context: Understand which specific to-do a user is discussing to provide relevant and accurate assistance.

The application will ensure real-time synchronization, meaning any action performed by the agent is instantly reflected in the manual UI, and vice-versa, providing a fluid and cohesive user experience. The ultimate goal is to create a tool that feels less like software and more like a dedicated assistant, reducing friction and making task management more intuitive and efficient.

Recommended Technology Stack

This stack is selected to provide high performance, excellent developer experience, and robust support for the AI and real-time features central to the project, leveraging your existing familiarity with these technologies.

Category	Technology	Justification
Frontend	Next.js (React Framework)	Ideal for building a fast, modern web application. Server-Side Rendering (SSR) ensures quick initial page loads, and its API routes can be used to interface with the backend. Its component-based architecture is perfect for building a modular UI.
UI Components & Styling	shadcn/ui or NextUI	These libraries provide a set of beautiful, accessible, and customizable components out-of-the-box. This will significantly speed up the development of the main app layout, pages, and the floating chat widget, while also making theme implementation straightforward.
Frontend State & Data	React Query (TanStack Query)	Essential for managing server state. It simplifies data fetching, caching, and most importantly, handles real-time updates seamlessly. This is critical for keeping the UI in sync with the database as both the user and the AI agent make changes.
Backend	FastAPI (Python Framework)	A high-performance Python framework perfect for building the API. Its native asynchronous support is crucial for handling long-running LLM calls without blocking the server. Python's extensive AI/ML ecosystem makes it the natural choice for the backend.
Real-time Communication	WebSockets	The core technology for ensuring the agent and the UI are always in sync. FastAPI has excellent built-in support for WebSockets, allowing the server to push updates to the client instantly when a to-do is changed by the agent.
Database	PostgreSQL	A powerful, reliable, and open-source relational database that is more than capable of handling the structured data of users, to-dos, and their properties (e.g., completion dates, tags).
ORM (Data Mapper)	SQLAlchemy	The standard for interacting with SQL databases in Python. It provides a robust Object-Relational Mapper (ORM) that simplifies database queries and operations, making the backend code cleaner and more maintainable.
AI / Agent Layer	LangGraph	Built on LangChain, LangGraph is specifically designed for creating stateful, multi-step agents that can reason and use tools in a loop. This is a perfect fit for your agent, which needs to refine tasks, ask for confirmation, and then execute actions.
Language Model (LLM)	OpenAI (GPT-4/GPT-3.5) or Google (Gemini)	The "brain" of your agent. These state-of-the-art models provide the advanced natural language understanding, reasoning, and function-calling capabilities required to interpret user commands, refine tasks, and interact with your application's API.